In order to avoid dangers, it's a very good idea to educate yourself on what kinds of dangers you might
expect, where you're going.
So you can prepare and make sure you're ready for any of them just in case.
This means researching your destination.
And in today's age of information and the magic of the internet, this is very easy to do.
Do your homework before you go.
Gather helpful tips and advice, including any mistakes to avoid from your friends over social media,
over Zoom, or, if you can, over coffee, especially if any of them are also avid travelers who have
a lot of experience with where you're going.
I feel like I'm always seeing people ask for travel recommendations on Facebook, and I've used it a
few times as well myself to varying degrees of success.
Those posts always seem to get a boatload of responses.
It might be an overwhelming amount of information, but that's par for the course on the internet anyway.
At least in this case, it might be nice to get as much information as possible, and you can always
take the suggestions you get with varying sized grains of salt.
Plus, you never know who you know who might be planning to go to the same place as you at the same
time.
Of course, besides friends tips, it's a good idea to read up on your destination from reputable online
sources like TripAdvisor and Lonely Planet and the CDC.
Or you can go old school with travel guidebooks.
There's something nice about having a physical book that you can flip through and dog ear, especially
while you're on your way there on a plane or other forms of transportation.
Who hasn't seen that classic movie scene of annoying the person sitting next to you with random facts
about your destination?
Then when you're done, you can always gift that travel book or all your travel research to pass on
all of that wisdom and margin notes on your destination.
It's always nice to pay it forward for other tough cookie travelers.